Use s2n_cleanup_thread() and path (#682)
awslabs/aws-c-io: CMakeLists.txt

endif()

if (USE_S2N)
        file(GLOB AWS_IO_TLS_SRC
                "source/s2n/*.c"
                )

>         # Try to find s2n directly first. In case of s2n already built.
>         find_package(s2n QUIET)
> 
>         if (NOT s2n_FOUND)
>                 # If s2n was not found, try to do the IN_SOURCE_BUILD.
>                 # If not IN_SOURCE_BUILD, s2n will be required to be found and fail from aws_use_package
>                 # If in source build, set the flag to use the insource path to the <s2n/unstable/*.h> headers.
>                 aws_use_package(s2n)
>                 add_definitions(-DAWS_S2N_INSOURCE_PATH)
>         else()
>                 # Found s2n, use the install path
>                 list(APPEND DEP_AWS_LIBS AWS::s2n)
>         endif()

Reviewer: trivial: `if true else false` is simpler than: `if not true else true`

```suggestion
        # Prefer find_package() because it's the normal CMake way to do dependencies.
        # But fall back on aws_use_package() because some projects still need to do an IN_SOURCE_BUILD of S2N.
        # (e.g. aws-crt-java until this is resolved: https://github.com/awslabs/aws-crt-java/pull/817)
        if (s2n_FOUND)
            list(APPEND DEP_AWS_LIBS AWS::s2n)
        else()
            # Set flag to use in-source path to  <s2n/unstable/*.h> headers if we do an IN_SOURCE_BUILD.
            aws_use_package(s2n)
            add_definitions(-DAWS_S2N_INSOURCE_PATH)
        endif()
```
